# The Appalachian High route
##### The Appalachian High Route combines two long distance trails in the Southern Appalachians into a long distance backpacking loop. The loop treks through some of the highest mountain ranges in the Eastern US, visiting many 6000+ foot peaks along the way. Thru hiker Jennifer Pharr-Davis brainstormed this idea, and helped connect the trails together with the Burnsville Connector network of roads. Pharr-Davis' vision is to build a headquarters and acquire funding to designate the route and build additional connecting trail. Recently, an article from [Backpacker Magazine](https://www.backpacker.com/news-and-events/news/the-appalachian-high-route-is-a-new-way-to-see-the-mountains/) highlights the recent debut of the route, and the map visualizes it in thorough detail. This map features the seven main segments of the Appalachian High Route, along with the 6000 foot plus elevation peaks, Appalachian Trail Shelters, and Trailheads. Each segment is clickable with infromation for each segment; and all icon point data can be clicked for the name (and additionally the elevation for each peak). The map is zoomed on the trail segments, with point data icons from fontawesome. Point data came from www.peakbagger.com, the National Park Service, Appalachian Trail Conservancy, and Greenbelly Meals. Route data came from the Hiking Project, and the information about the Burnsville Connector from Jennifer Pharr-Davis' blog. The basemap comes from the US Geological Survey to bring topographic contrast, and is hosted by Leaflet 1.0.1. Other libraries used for this project include Jquery 3.1.1, ajax Jquery 3.1.0, chroma-js 1.3.4, leaflet-ajax 2.1.0, cloudfare css 5.0.0, fontawesome 6.2.0, and googleapis fonts.   
